# Project: Rock Paper Scissor
Rock paper scissors (also known by other orderings of the three items, with "rock" sometimes being called "stone," or as Rochambeau, roshambo, or ro-sham-bo) is a hand game originating from China, usually played between two people, in which each player simultaneously forms one of three shapes with an outstretched hand. These shapes are "rock" (a closed fist), "paper" (a flat hand), and "scissors" (a fist with the index finger and middle finger extended, forming a V). "Scissors" is identical to the two-fingered V sign (also indicating "victory" or "peace") except that it is pointed horizontally instead of being held upright in the air. 

A simultaneous, zero-sum game, it has three possible outcomes: a draw, a win or a loss. A player who decides to play rock will beat another player who has chosen scissors ("rock crushes scissors" or "breaks scissors" or sometimes "blunts scissors"), but will lose to one who has played paper ("paper covers rock"); a play of paper will lose to a play of scissors ("scissors cuts paper"). If both players choose the same shape, the game is tied and is usually immediately replayed to break the tie... [from Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock_paper_scissors)

## A TOP project
The aim of the project is to recreate a Rock, Paper, Scissor game played through the console of a web browser and against a computer/AI player and a human player. Input from the player is gotten through a prompt and match between the random choice of the computer to determine  a winner. [play game](https://littledannie.github.io/Project-Rock-Paper-Scissors/) Use `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `i` to access your browser console.